Add `minetest.get_game_info` and allow reading `game.conf` (#12989)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

  or checking if a mod is enabled.
* `minetest.get_modnames()`: returns a list of enabled mods, sorted alphabetically.
    * Does not include disabled mods, even if they are installed.
* `minetest.get_game_info()`: returns a table containing information about the

>   current game. Note that information missing from this table can be read from
>   `game.conf` in the game's root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  current game. Note that other meta information (e.g. version/release number)
  can be manually read from `game.conf` in the game's root directory.
```

  or checking if a mod is enabled.
* `minetest.get_modnames()`: returns a list of enabled mods, sorted alphabetically.
    * Does not include disabled mods, even if they are installed.
* `minetest.get_game_info()`: returns a table containing information about the
  current game. Note that other meta information (e.g. version/release number)
  can be manually read from `game.conf` in the game's root directory.

      {
          id = string,
          title = string,
          author = string,
          -- The root directory of the game
          path = string,
          -- The directory containing game mods
          mods_path = string,

>       }

Reviewer 2: Is this ever different from path + /mods/?

Author: I don't know, but it's a separate field in `SubgameSpec` that isn't available from `game.conf`.

Author: I removed the field from the table.
